You have been hired by XYZAutomotives as a data scientist. Your first task is to analyze the historical data and give the company directors insights on how the sales were affected during times of recession. You will provide a number of charts/plots to visualize the data and make it easy for the directors to understand your analysis.

About the dataset
In this assignment you will be presented with varies question for analysing data to understand the historical trends in automobile sales during recession periods.
recession period 1 - year 1980
recession period 2 - year 1981 to 1982
recession period 3 - year 1991
recession period 4 - year 2000 to 2001
recession period 5 - year end 2007 to mid 2009
recession period 6 - year 2020 -Feb to April (Covid-19 Impact)

The data used in this lab has been artifically created for the purpose of this assignment only. No real data has been used.

Data Description
The dataset includes the following variables:
Date: The date of the observation.
Recession: A binary variable indicating recession perion; 1 means it was recession, 0 means it was normal.
Automobile_Sales: The number of vehicles sold during the period.
GDP: The per capita GDP value in USD.
Unemployment_Rate: The monthly unemployment rate.
Consumer_Confidence: A synthetic index representing consumer confidence, which can impact consumer spending and automobile purchases.
Seasonality_Weight: The weight representing the seasonality effect on automobile sales during the period.
Price: The average vehicle price during the period.
Advertising_Expenditure: The advertising expenditure of the company.
Vehicle_Type: The type of vehicles sold; Supperminicar, Smallfamiliycar, Mediumfamilycar, Executivecar, Sports.
Competition: The measure of competition in the market, such as the number of competitors or market share of major manufacturers.
Month: Month of the observation extracted from Date.
Year: Year of the observation extracted from Date.
By examining various factors mentioned above from the dataset, you aim to gain insights into how recessions impact automobile sales for your company.

This Project will be completed in 2 Parts:
Part 1: Create Visualizations using Matplotlib, Seaborn & Folium
Part 2: Create Dashboard using Plotly and Dash
